this is dead horse
250 miles north of the Arctic Circle and
one of the coldest remotest settlements
on earth
deadhorse only exists because there are
huge reserves of oil to be extracted
from below the ice it's not the most
welcoming place for a tiny arctic fox
first he has to get past the local
heavies
red foxes followed the oil workers here
and they've made themselves at home
twice the size of the arctic fox he's
quite capable of killing any trespassers
on this patch but the little fox is
hungry enough to take the risk
everyone knows you shouldn't put bare
flesh on freezing metal
but the Fox has to use his tongue to
thaw out the frozen scrub
it's a kind of place where you have to
hold your nerve
the freezing temperatures don't stop the
oil workers going about their business
winter is a good time to get those
awkward little jobs out of the way like
moving a 2,000 ton drilling rig to a new
field
you
probably best not to try and push your
luck too far
you